{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;\f5\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red26\green26\blue26;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c13348\c13348\c13331;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16060\viewh19060\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 DIGITAL 01
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
NICOTINE LIKES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 Prelude to a Dying Star\cf3 \cb2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Sounds by \cf0 \
The Triangular\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Linked text to go after first image, before video:
\f1\b0 \
Text: >> FOR YOUR EARS <<\
LINK TO EMBED: https://open.spotify.com/album/1OPhwOQ6OtwC2WEbpZOXXe?si=fzKH8hCQSCGpyaULRwmeDQ&nd=1&dlsi=d2260eb39cf140ef\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f0\b Text to go after video:
\f1\b0 \
\cf5 \cb6 Prelude to a Dying Star is a collection of aural landscapes that depict the metaphorical and non-linear passage of time before it arrives at a supernova. This is a debut EP for The Triangular, an entity found to be based in Brooklyn, New York.\cf0 \cb2 \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
DIGITAL 02
\f1\b0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 ARTIST FEATURE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Littered MVMNTS\cf3 \cb2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Works by \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Shoji Yamasaki\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf7 \cb2 \strokec7 Artist Statement\'a0to after final video:
\f1\b0 \

\f3\i \strokec5 Littered MVMNTS
\f2\i0 \'a0is a split-screen video series comprised of found pieces of litter paired with performer, Shoji Yamasaki, mimicking its costume and movements. This project intersects with various themes surrounding value. While beliefs about the value of objects differs between people, cultures, and time, the production of trash unites the human race. We have stepped into an era where we must all learn how to coexist with man-made waste. \
\
Set in the natural soundscape of where the litter was found, the \'91dancing debris\'92 acts as a form of silent protest to consumer culture and the lack of care given to the environment. By shifting the viewer\'92s perspective on litter, Yamasaki hopes to contribute to a cultural shift where environmental responsibility is prioritized and becomes an intrinsic value for those living on the sole planet we call home.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec5 Shoji Yamasaki is a first-generation Japanese American transdisciplinary creative, born and raised in the unceded ancestral land of Gabrielino-Tongva, recently known as Los Angeles. He creates site-responsive and immersive works that explore the history, architecture, and community that inhabit a space. His continual desire for expansion as an artist and his experimental ideas have allowed him to take on roles of a choreographer, dancer, performance artist, director, writer, and filmmaker.\'a0
\f1 \cb2 \strokec5 His on-going project,\'a0
\f4\i Littered MVMNTS
\f1\i0 , has connected with millions of viewers around the world through social media.\'a0\cb1 \strokec5 \
\cf5 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\f0\b DIGITAL 03
\f1\b0 \
FASHION FEATURE\
Mane Attraction\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Photography by \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 Natasha Lewin\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Credits to go after final image:
\f1\b0 \cf7 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 Styling: Anastasia Symiriotis\'a0\
Hair & Makeup: Eva Kolomiets\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Model: Finja Mara\'a0for\'a0No Toys Model Agency\cf7 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \
\cf4 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 DIGITAL 04
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
PERSONAL PROJECT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 We\'92ve Become Like Strangers\cf3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Photography by \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 Brandon Sheer\cf3 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Artist Statement to go after last image:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf7 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \'93We\'92ve Become Like Strangers\'94 is a long-term photography project that excavates our fractured, occasionally desolate post-pandemic world.\'a0Thematically, this collection began as an attempt to address the broader political divisions that exist in America. However, these photographs have since transcended their initial intellectual aim in favor of a more emotional one: my explorative desire for catharsis.\'a0When examining the body of work I\'92ve created thus far, there is a clear throughline directed toward the seemingly forgotten spaces that have remained untouched by modernity. Indeed, my portraits of the strangers I\'92ve met in these locations are similarly untouched, yet anchored by a yearning for commonality and community.\'a0\'a0Perhaps fittingly, this tension between isolation and connection has awakened an elusive creative freedom. The childlike act of wandering in search of powerful images, untethered from the noise and weight of everyday anxiety, has become both healing and generative.\'a0The result is a transportive, even blissful, sense of curiosity that permeates the work as well as the act of making it. This ongoing observational practice isn\'92t just a part of me; it\'92s who I am. 
\f4\i - Brandon Sheer\
\

\f1\i0 Sheer is a photographer and creative director based in New York City.
\f4\i \

\f0\i0\b \cf3 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}