{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red26\green26\blue26;\red26\green26\blue26;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c13348\c13348\c13331;
\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27880\viewh19060\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 DIGITAL 01
\f1\b0 \cb3 \
FASHION FEATURE\
A Study of Domestic Tales\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Photography by \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf5 Zosia Prominska
\f1 \cf5 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Credits to go after final image:
\f2\b0 \cf6 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 Styling: Petra Haller\
Hair & Makeup: Melanie Gutheinz\
Model: Annujin M.
\f1 \cf5 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
DIGITAL 02
\f1\b0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ARTIST FEATURE\
Works \
by \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Raya Simpao\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Artist Statement to go after last image:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \cb1 Raya Simpao is a Filipina artist, born and raised in Manila, currently completing her BFA at the Rhode Island School of Design. Her painting practice stems from the sustained, attentive act of seeing and orienting oneself in the world. Most formal choices within her work inhabit a space between naturalistic and synthetic, often testing the boundaries between the two. \
\
Simpao\'92s figures are often captured in the act of naming an \'93other\'94, an entity outside of the self, either identifying with or distinguishing from. Her attention is directed as much toward what exists within the frame as what is excluded. She is drawn to the subtle territories of likeness and difference, the places where things converge, verse where they fall away. Sensitivity is a crucial aspect to the work. Embedded in each painting is a mode of looking that is deliberate, responsive, and deeply attuned to social and psychological undercurrents. The scenes she constructs stem directly from her immediate surroundings and encounters, yet they resonate with broader questions about relationship and perception. At the heart of Simpao\'92s practice is an ethic of care. She understands the act of seeing - of looking closely, looking again, and looking with intention - as a form of labor that must be sustained by profound and persistent care. \
\
\

\f3\i All images courtesy of the artist.\

\f1\i0 \cf5 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 DIGITAL 03
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
FASHION FEATURE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Afterthoughts\cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Photography by \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Ferdinand Putz\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Credits to go after last image:
\f1\b0 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Styling: Linus M\'fcrter\'a0& Lucie Rittau\
Hair & Makeup: Rebecca Faeh\
Model: Alexander Stein
\f0\b \cf0 \

\f1\b0 \cf5 Photographer Assistant: Benjamin Griese\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 DIGITAL 04\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf7 PERSONAL PROJECT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Sky is the Space Above Our Heads\cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Photography by \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Cecilia Pignocchi\cf0 \cb3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 Artist Statement\'a0to after final image:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 The Sky is the Space Above Our Heads presents work from Italian artist Cecilia Pignocchi\'92s ongoing series 
\f3\i Tempo Bello
\f1\i0 . Born from a year of self-discovery and reconnection with nature, the series investigates taboos and stereotypes that defined the culture of Pignocchi\'92s upbringing. After a decade of distancing herself from her home country in search of identity, Pignocchi found herself drawn back to the bright sun and vivid colors of her Mediterranean childhood. In 2023, she left her full-time job and embarked on a year-long sabbatical, immersing herself in nature. \'93Over 408 days, I found two essential things: time and sunlight,\'94 she explains. \'93From this combination, 
\f3\i Tempo Bello
\f1\i0  was born. The Italian phrase, meaning \'91good weather,\'92 reminded me how deeply the weather shapes who we are. By chasing the sun, I inadvertently rediscovered my roots\'85not tied to a specific location but to an accumulation of experiences shaped by family, society, landscapes, and people.\'94\
Cecilia Pignocchi is an art director and multidisciplinary artist based in \cb2 Italy.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Special thanks to:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Luca Loiodice\'a0\
Cecilia Lucantoni\
Camilla Zannini
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b0 \cf5 \cb3 \

\f0\i0\b \cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}