{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red20\green19\blue19;\red4\green4\blue4;\red39\green14\blue98;
\red16\green16\blue26;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c13348\c13348\c13331;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c10196\c9804\c9412;\cssrgb\c1176\c1176\c1176;\cssrgb\c20784\c10980\c45882;
\cssrgb\c7843\c7843\c13725\c50196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28760\viewh19180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 DIGITAL 01
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ARTIST FEATURE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 Sugar\cf3 \cb2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Paintings by \cf0 \
Sahara Longe\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Text to go after final image:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 Sahara Longe is a \cf8 \cb2 a British figurative painter who lives and works in London.
\f2\fs35 \

\f1\fs24 \cf5 \cb6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf5 Sugar
\f1\i0  is a selection of works from Sahara\'92s recent exhibition at Timothy Taylor, New York. These new works reconceive various art histories to arrive at an uncanny interplay of figures, allegories, and enigmatic landscapes. Working on thick grain linen with raw pigment in a distinct palette of vermillion, lilac, raw sienna, and ochre, Sahara renders her scenes with a fluid painterly freedom that is nevertheless quiet and precise in its effect. Across her work, she recalls aspects of the Symbolist ethos, which moved between nostalgia and rupture, seeking not to capture something directly, but rather convey the sensations it produces. \
\
In her new paintings, Longe focuses on the nude. Articulated in spare, suggestive gestures, her subjects, largely women, are pictured huddled together, embracing a lover, or striding alone. Some set their gaze on an unknown distance, others stare down the viewer, and one confronts a fish. Each seems possessed by a disquieting tension that is emphasized by a shadowy apparition lurking in many of the works. \
\
In these paintings, Longe returns to ideas set out in her earliest work, which emerged from her study of classical portraiture at Charles H. Cecil Studios in Florence; in her early canvases, Longe integrated and recontextualized themes and styles of old-master paintings. Here, her compositions draw from Secessionist painter Otto Friedrich\'92s nudes and Symbolist Ferdinand Hodler\'92s ominous portraits. They likewise reveal the influence of a recent trip to Oslo, where Longe was taken by Henrik Sorensen\'92s mural (1938\'9650) in Oslo City Hall, and the marginalia of illuminated manuscripts. Ushering these disparate sources and traditions into her singular aesthetic, Longe poses subtle questions about representation\'97who it serves, and what narratives it upholds\'97just as she underscores figuration\'92s expressive potential.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 Credits to go after text:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 All images: Courtesy the artist and Timothy Taylor \'a9 Sahara Longe\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
DIGITAL 02
\f1\b0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 FASHION STORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A Day\'92s Dream\cf3 \cb2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Photography by \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Yuji Watanabe\cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Credits to go after final image\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
:
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Styling: Yuri Nosho \
Hair: Hirokazu Endo \
Make-Up: Anna Misawa\
Flower: Mariyo Fukuda \
Model: Jeanna Razmologova for West Management\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 DIGITAL 03
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
NICOTINE \
LIKES\cf5 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf5 \cb6 El\'e9onore \
Joulin\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \AppleTypeServices \cf0 \cb2 Text to go after final image:
\f1\b0\fs20 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs24 \cf5 \cb6 El
\f1 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \'e9
\f4 \AppleTypeServices onore\'a0Joulin\'92s ceramics and glass work primarily take its inspiration from art history,\'a0gastronomy and architecture, making unexpected links and giving rise to forms\'a0between everyday object and sculpture.\'a0\cb6 \
\
\cb6 She works with ceramics in an artisanal way, creating her own glaze. Each series is the result\'a0of extensive research driven by the will of experimenting a specific material - a metallic oxide,\'a0a chemical component, etc.. Most often this material gives the shape:\'a0for instance, titanium is unstable and iron is very coloring and the combination of that\'a0two oxide gives a wide range of beige to brown, which was the start of exploring\'a0the texture of bread.\'a0\cb6 \
\
\cb6 Almost all her pieces have a utility,\'a0even anecdotal, thus questioning the status of domesticity of art, but the long utilitarian tradition of ceramics.\cb6 \
\
El
\f1 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \'e9
\f4 \AppleTypeServices onore\'a0Joulin\cb6 , born in 1987 is a french artist who lives and works in Brussels.
\fs20 \cb6 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf5 All images \'a9 El\'e9onore Joulin\AppleTypeServices \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
\
DIGITAL 04
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
FASHION FEATURE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 It\'92s\cf3  a \cf4 \cb1 Shirt\cf3 \cb2 \
\cf4 \cb1 Photography by \
\cb2 Silvia Guadagnin\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 Text to go after final image:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf0 IT\'92S A SHIRT is a polyprismatic\'a0project and brand embracing the values of no seasonal trends, slow\'a0and local production, natural dying process, unusual textures, collaborations, humor, simplicity, timelessness and gender neutrality. It desires to attract human beings who are concerned about the existing story behind the garment that dress themselves. Each piece is produced in the brand\'92s family-production space in Athens, Greece. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 Credits to go after text:
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
Production: Takumi SAT / Kontakt\
Subjects: Rei Yoshimi and Kana Peso\
Shirts: IT\'92S A SHIRT, https://itsashirt.gr/ \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2032\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}